docs: introduce docs on how to deploy to the platform, and help page for the licensing tool (#2479)
TimefoldAI/timefold-solver: docs/src/modules/ROOT/pages/deploying-to-platform/getting-started.adoc

> = Getting started: deploying to the platform (Preview)

Reviewer: I would like to stay away from "Getting Started" as terminology in this guide. Just call it **Guide** like we did for the Domain Modelling pages. 

I want _Getting Started_ to be saved for the actual "Getting Started with Timefold" experience. 

<img width="1169" height="427" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/43113bf7-afc5-41c5-ad17-e5e95e6d6e3b" />

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/TimefoldAI/timefold-solver/pull/2479/commits/cfcd401a6f3176101396e35e6a083aa5a2186305

:description: Deploy the service you built to Timefold Platform
:doctype: book
:sectnums:
:icons: font

include::../_attributes.adoc[]

This guide continues from xref:quickstart/service/getting-started.adoc[Getting started: building a service], where you built the School Timetabling model as a service.
It walks you through deploying that same model to Timefold Platform, so it can be reached through a managed, multi-tenant REST API instead of `mvn quarkus:dev` on your own machine.

> For the reasoning behind why you'd want to do this, see xref:deploying-to-platform/introduction.adoc[Deploying to the Timefold Platform].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Learn more about xref:deploying-to-platform/introduction.adoc[Deploying to the Timefold Platform].
```
PP you could also include "Learn more about the benefits of Deploy..."

Also set `handleSubscription` to `true`, so your tenant gets subscribed to the model when you deploy it; see xref:#_what_happens_on_deploy[What happens on deploy] below.

Follow the setup instructions in the https://github.com/TimefoldAI/timefold-solver/blob/main/service/tools/maven-plugin/README.adoc[Maven plugin documentation] to add and configure it.

[#_enterprise_edition]
== Build with the Enterprise Edition

Timefold Platform requires your model to be built with the Enterprise Edition of Timefold Solver; a Community Edition build cannot be deployed.
By default, your build uses the Community Edition, so you need to opt in explicitly.
This also gets you the xref:deploying-to-platform/introduction.adoc#_enterprise_edition_features[Enterprise Edition features] surfaced by the platform, such as score analysis.

Build with `-Denterprise=true` to activate the `enterprise` Maven profile defined in `timefold-solver-service-parent`, which pulls in the Enterprise Edition dependencies:

[source,bash,options="nowrap"]
----
mvn clean package -Denterprise=true
----

> The Enterprise Edition requires a license key to function at runtime, as described in xref:commercial-editions/installation.adoc[Installation].

Reviewer: This is an almost exact copy of the NOTE above. Intentional?

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/TimefoldAI/timefold-solver/pull/2479/commits/cfcd401a6f3176101396e35e6a083aa5a2186305

> Building with the Enterprise Edition does not require a license; a license is only checked when the model actually runs.

Reviewer: This is unfortunately wrong, and I am not sure we can fix this. If you have any tests which use the enterprise features (and you most likely do), then those tests (and the build) will fail without a valid license.

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/TimefoldAI/timefold-solver/pull/2479/commits/cfcd401a6f3176101396e35e6a083aa5a2186305

When you deploy to Timefold Platform, the platform provides that license for you, so you don't need one of your own just to follow this guide.

> You still may want a license if you want to run your Enterprise Edition build locally, for example to test the model with `mvn quarkus:dev` before deploying it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You may still want a license if you want to run your Enterprise Edition build locally, for example to test the model with `mvn quarkus:dev` before deploying it.
```

Every new account on the xref:commercial-editions/license-management.adoc[Timefold License Manager] starts with a free, time-limited Enterprise trial, so you can create and download fully functional Enterprise Edition license files without talking to sales first.
We also offer free licenses to non-profit organizations and for academic research.

[#_authenticate]
== Authenticate

[#_generate_a_personal_access_token]
=== Generate a Personal Access Token

Generate a PAT from your user menu on the platform (*User menu → Access tokens → Generate new token*).

> When selecting its permissions, scope the token to the tenant you want to register the model in, and grant *Create*, *Read*, *Update*, and *Delete* on the *Registered Model* resource, since the plugin needs all four to register, update, and later undeploy your model.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When selecting its permissions, scope the token to the tenant you want to register the model in, and grant *Create*, *Read*, *Update*, and *Delete* on the *Registered Model* resource, since the plugin needs all 4 to register, update, and later undeploy your model.
```

See https://docs.timefold.ai/timefold-platform/latest/api/platform-api#_authentication_with_personal_access_tokens[Authentication with Personal Access Tokens] for the full walkthrough, including screenshots of the token generation dialog.

=== Export the token

The plugin reads your PAT from the `TIMEFOLD_PAT` environment variable.
Export it before building:

[source,bash,options="nowrap"]
----
export TIMEFOLD_PAT=<your-personal-access-token>
----

[#_build_and_deploy]
== Build and deploy

Build and deploy your model in a single command.
`-Denterprise=true` is required, since the platform only accepts models built with the Enterprise Edition; see xref:#_enterprise_edition[Build with the Enterprise Edition] above.

[source,bash,options="nowrap"]
----
mvn clean package -Denterprise=true timefold:deploy
----

> === Preview without pushing container

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Preview without pushing the container
```
